index.markdown, before:

---
layout: main
bodyid: me
title: Charlie Denton
---

I'm Charlie Denton. I am a Software Developer at [Virtualstock][virtualstock]. I work mostly with [Django][django] in [Python][python] on [Linux][manjaro].

This page lists some of my open-source projects. This website also hosts [my (mostly technical) blog](/posts/).

## [FramewIRC][framewirc]

I couldn't find an `asyncio` IRC library to match my needs, so I wrote one myself! [FramewIRC][framewirc] (pronounced "framework") is simple and modular in the hopes of being a good starting point for others to write bots, bouncers, clients, and more specialised IRC libraries.


## [Python Wheels][pythonwheels]

Wheels are the fast new standard of python distribution. [Python Wheels][pythonwheels] offers a chance to learn about wheels and their use, and see at a glance how many projects already use them.

## [Classy Class-Based Views][ccbv]

Django's class-based generic views are great, but can be hard to grasp. The learning curve is made steep by a complex tree of multiple inheritance. [CCBV][ccbv] attempts to flatten the curve by allowing you to easily find and read the code you care about.

[ccbv]: http://ccbv.co.uk/
[django]: https://djangoproject.com
[framewirc]: https://github.com/meshy/framewirc/
[manjaro]: https://manjaro.org
[python]: https://www.python.org/
[pythonwheels]: http://pythonwheels.com/
[virtualstock]: http://virtualstock.co.uk/

Commit message:

Add django-schema-graph to home page

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: main
bodyid: me
title: Charlie Denton
---

I'm Charlie Denton. I am a Software Developer at [Virtualstock][virtualstock]. I work mostly with [Django][django] in [Python][python] on [Linux][manjaro].

This page lists some of my open-source projects. This website also hosts [my (mostly technical) blog](/posts/).

## [Django Schema Graph][django-schema-graph]

A way to diagram the state of your Django database / model / app structure. Easy to use, and pretty to look at.

## [FramewIRC][framewirc]

I couldn't find an `asyncio` IRC library to match my needs, so I wrote one myself! [FramewIRC][framewirc] (pronounced "framework") is simple and modular in the hopes of being a good starting point for others to write bots, bouncers, clients, and more specialised IRC libraries.


## [Python Wheels][pythonwheels]

Wheels are the fast new standard of python distribution. [Python Wheels][pythonwheels] offers a chance to learn about wheels and their use, and see at a glance how many projects already use them.

## [Classy Class-Based Views][ccbv]

Django's class-based generic views are great, but can be hard to grasp. The learning curve is made steep by a complex tree of multiple inheritance. [CCBV][ccbv] attempts to flatten the curve by allowing you to easily find and read the code you care about.

[ccbv]: http://ccbv.co.uk/
[django]: https://djangoproject.com
[django-schema-graph]: https://github.com/meshy/django-schema-graph/
[framewirc]: https://github.com/meshy/framewirc/
[manjaro]: https://manjaro.org
[python]: https://www.python.org/
[pythonwheels]: http://pythonwheels.com/
[virtualstock]: http://virtualstock.co.uk/
